this is the dawn redwood tree it's a
very fast-growing tree from China and
this tree was in the fossil record for
millions and millions of years and it
was discovered in China growing in a
city and has since been propagated by
the New York Botanical Garden and we
have cultivars of it here at Highland
hill farm on route 313 and fountain
ville and the unusual part about it is
for coming to see this tree in Highland
hill farm and so we also have fossils of
the dawn redwood tree available for
display it's a fast growing tree it can
grow in a little bit of a wet area and
it is also deer resistant
it's a little difficult to see
camera but these are some of the fossils
of the dawn redwood trees that we have
here at Highland hill farm for you to
visually come and inspect we're located
on route 313 and fountain Ville PA so
give us a call at two one five six five
one eight three
and this is a 25 or year-old dawn
redwood and you can see it's almost 40
feet high
this is located here at highland hill
farm on route 313 in fountain ville and
out in this field are some of the
spruces and firs that we have here
so just give us a call a 2 1 5 6 5 1 8 3
2 9
it's a beautiful specimen of a dawn
redwood tree
you